https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-17958 (#7519)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/errata.adoc

See link:../install/upgrade_hub.adoc#upgrading-by-using-the-operator[Upgrading by using the operator] for more information about upgrades. 

== Errata 2.11.6

* Delivers updates to one or more product container images.

> * Detects if the `MultiClusterHub` made any changes that need to be applied to the container images. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-16518[ACM-16518])

Reviewer: We are saying here that the "Errata 2.11.6" "detects" if the mch made any changes.

I don't think we mean that subject/verb agreement--something is missing here.

(Also, Errata does not (or should not) deliver new features, but I may have missed a special case?)

> * Resolves unnecessary reconciliations on the `MultiClusterHub` observability operator when changes where made to the `MultiClusterHub` container resource (CR). (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-16518[ACM-16518])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolves unnecessary reconciliations on the `MultiClusterHub` observability operator when changes were made to the `MultiClusterHub` container resource. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-16518[ACM-16518])
```
